There are two meditations. The first meditation is meditating or inviting the worldly fire deity,
according to the teachings here. The worldly fire deity is inviting it to the fire by offering.
And of course also all obstacles, diseases, sicknesses are completely pacified, or please
pacify all those obstacles. Then when that happens, the second is known as the fire puja
of the beyond samsara. So that one may mean that the fire puja of the within the samsara
fire puja beyond the samsara. Suppose it is fire puja worldly deity, the fire deity of
the worldly, invited by offering that is the fire puja of the samsara or world. And the
second offering is the fire puja which is beyond the samsara. At that time, we are inviting
or visualizing Vajrasattva, exactly as what we visualize ourselves, within the fire and
then we make offerings. And that means not just only this fire puja or fireplace is become
Vajrasattva's mandala, but our self is Vajrasattva. And the whole universe is transformed, or wake
up to the organ nature status. Reality level, actually there is nothing to transform. According
to Vajrayana teaching, or any other teaching, it is already enlightened status. That's what
in the teaching is often named vajra song, vajra song, vajra mind. That is the organ level,
that is the pure. So when we are meditating in practice as Vajrasattva, that skillful
method is immediately dispelled of our duality hindrance. Instantly dispelled, we come back
to the organ nature status. So it is more than transform, it is just waking up to that
nature status. When we are in a duality status, we are in a sleeping status. If it is below,
we don't see things because duality diluted or diluted. But when duality is finished,
the organ of purity in light state is right here. So therefore, we see the power is the
mandala of the Vajrasattva. We are the mandala of Vajrasattva state. The universe is become
the mandala of the Vajrasattva. And then also we are talking about increasing our bodhicata
during applications. As I said, this lineage teaching is very special. It is according
to teaching, Buddha Chagamuni accumulated three countless eons. Then finally he become
Buddha-enlightened. And what he got the Buddha or when he reached the enlightenment, reached
the Buddhahood, what he shared his realization, his understanding, his experience to us. That
is so special, so beautiful. Then this is not just that happened, but Buddha came 2600
years ago. Still the light of Dharma is here. Why? Because of lineage. All lineage masters,
all lineage practitioners, their joy and devotion, courage and commitment, really they preserve
it. Not just they preserve it, they become that. The actual lights truly become their
peace, symbol of peace themselves. Happiness, joy, contaminant. Don't eat earth, humble,
happy, yet powerful courage and commitment, confidence, confidence, understanding of everything.
That is how these lineage masters or lineage practitioners continues. Today we connected
to that. In particular these Vajrasattva practices is very special, very special in the new
Buddhism.
It is called Mendelung lineage, great master Mendelung, his teachings that continually carried
on until now. That is not just only the teaching we have, we have the practice we have interested,
but we have opportunity to practice this here every year in the new year days by the kindness
of Jung, really. This is not just also, not just Kanukayo, how many, I mean Niyo is called, I think
,
the biggest city of America or the United States. How many people drain the fire pooja in their
houses? Do you think? If you say, "I like to do fire pooja in your fire pooja," the devil says,
"What, are you crazy?" I'm sure really they will say, "I'm not just joking." If really you do,
they will call you 911. Immediately you went somewhere, or we have to go somewhere. This is
going to be over and over and over and over again. Jung's, his courage and commitment, his kind of
big
heart. Really, we're doing this right here. Everything is so good that we all have this
opportunity. Again, take these opportunities. We really do this with both each other, with Jung,
to everyone. Really, we wish this to everyone, to the country, to the city, to the world, to
everyone,
really remove and pacify. I mean, we join this place. You know that what we pacify,
what we want, what we like to increase. It's nothing but love and kindness, compassion, joy,
and oppression, to all living beings without any discriminations, or bhiyas, how grateful it is,
how spiritual. If we do small things like this, we say, "Oh, how great this is." It's true, it's
great. A real open heart by the kindness, what's the mind of the Buddha's teaching? We have this
opportunity. We're doing this, at least for a short time. It's wonderful. It's special. So, bring
up
all those really beautiful attitudes. Again, we're thankful, we're grateful, with every level,
and then also we are here, we're together, we're quite well and quite okay. It's great. Our life
is breaking, our life is priceless. You all know. For gathering here and performing this ceremony,
it's again beautiful, spiritual, as the Buddha said, eating endowments. I mean, every level is
all covered with very precious, rare, r-a-r-e, I believe, rare situation, getting together, we're
here. How beautiful it is. I like the joy and appreciation. Many times, due to our ego killing
it, we ignore the goodness. We ignore the goodness. We ignore the goodness. What we added up,
disappointment. It's not practical. When we have something, we have to highlight, it's good.
It's rewarding to ourselves, encouragement to ourselves. It's opening our heart, it's good.
Then if you don't, I'm not just the only good, but it allows, again, modern scientists,
many of us say that if you bring the positive energy, that will kind of create such beautiful
health systems, all those new new systems, cells, and everything become very bright and bright.
Really, they're talking those. I mean, that's a great procedure. Buddha made it a long time ago.
Many
masters make it all the time in the teaching. But now, scientists will be improving that too.
So therefore, all these police, again, reactivate the good things, and with all those beautiful
more awakened, and then we do these practices. The practices, and now we begin. First, we do
this inviting, worldly duty. How, again, I will try to translate this roughly into
English, and I'll do this. First, I'll do the preparation of this ceremony. Again, the five
with a little bit of blessings and all the things. So then, we do the ceremony.